Main page for the Zombie:Reloaded project

= Introduction =

Zombie:Reloaded a open source alternative to [http://www.zombiemod.com/ Zombie Mod] with a lot of new features and improvements. It's open source, made for Counter-Strike: Source and runs on a powerful scripting platform called [http://www.sourcemod.net/ SourceMod].

= Game Objectives =

The objectives is to change the game into humans versus zombies. Humans try to survive by camping, barricading and hiding. Zombies try to zombify humans by using their knife.

At a random time after the round starts, one or more random humans are turned into zombies. Zombies have certain advantages as running faster and more health points. Humans have huge amounts of ammo (or unlimited), and their bullets knock back zombies when hit. A lot more attributes can be adjusted for both zombies and humans in different classes to make it even more fun.

For best results the server should have Counter-Strike: Source maps made for Zombie Mod but it works on any map compatible with Counter-Strike: Source.

= Credits =

== Concept ==

  * *c0ldfyr3*
  
  The developer of the popular Zombie Mod (www.zombiemod.com). There wouldn't be any Zombie:Reloaded without Zombie Mod.

== Developers And Testers ==

  * *Greyscale / sumguy14*

  Author of Zombie:Reloaded. The one who started remaking Zombie Mod for the SourceMod platform.

  Made overlays and zombie ambient sound file.

  Related server: "#1 Pro's Playground - 24/7 Zombie Mod `[` Rank / Reload / Napalm `]`" (74.201.57.54:27015) - USA, Washington

  * *Richard Helgeby*

  Zombie:Reloaded developer. Started working on the plugin from version 2.5.1. Fixed bugs and made new features and is now one of the head developers.

  Related server: (same as Cpt. Moore below)

  * *Cpt. Moore and SwissQuake*

  Helped debuging issues and made some new features. Most credits go for letting us use the SwissQuake zombie server for testing.

  Related server: "Zombie World Domination by SwissQuake" (85.195.74.201:13010) - Switzerland, Basel

== Game Resources ==

  * *robot* - Zombie models
  * *ICS* - The hellknight zombie model (from [http://www.ics-base.net/css_skins/skins.php ICS' CS:S Skins])
  * *fischfasch* - Team win overlays
  * *Greyscale* - ZVision zombie overlay and ambience sound file

== Additional Testers And Contributors From The SourceMod Forums ==

  * *daleGEND*
  * *Darkthrone*
  * *DreamState*
  * *exvel*
  * *Grey Echo*
  * *NouveauJoueur*
  * *TESLA-X4*
  * *thetwistedpanda*
  * *zhelev81*
  * _And more people we haven't listed yet..._