#labels Featured
=Source Code=

We use Mercurial as the version control system and you need it to clone complete source code repositories. Use Mercurial on Linux (command line tools), or TortoiseHg on Windows (both GUI and command line tools).

See [Compiling_Zombie_Reloaded Compiling Zombie:Reloaded] for information about compiling.

==Push access==

Only authorized developers can push to our repositories.

==Repositories==

Note that some repositories are mirrored here and some are not. The following repositores are mirrored repositories on this site (do NOT push changes directly to these):

  * [http://code.google.com/p/zombiereloaded/source/checkout?repo=zr-dev zr-dev]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/zombiereloaded/source/checkout?repo=zr-3-0-b2 zr-3.0-b2 (zr-3-0-b2)]

To push to these you must push to the equivalent at http://helgeby.no-ip.org/zrdev/hg/

The following repositories are hosted on this site (you can push to these):

  * [http://code.google.com/p/zombiereloaded/source/checkout?repo=zr-dev-base zr-dev-base]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/zombiereloaded/source/checkout?repo=wiki wiki]

==zr-dev-base==

*Browse repository:* http://code.google.com/p/zombiereloaded/source/list?repo=zr-dev-base

  * Can I pull from this repository: *Yes*
  * Can I push to this repository: *Yes*

Main development branch. This is where the latest (experimental) changes are commited. Snapshots from this branch is NOT supported, and they may not even work. We also may do changes that break compatibility.

It's running on a new architecture made by Greyscale (see [http://code.google.com/p/smprojectbase/ smprojectbase]).

==zr-3-0-b2==

*Note:* The name is incorrect due to technical limitations. Real name should be: zr-3.0-b2

*Browse repository:* http://code.google.com/p/zombiereloaded/source/list?repo=zr-3-0-b2

  * Can I pull from this repository: *Yes* (mirror is updated every 30 minutes)
  * Can I push to this repository: *No* (push to equivalent at http://helgeby.no-ip.org/zrdev/hg/)

This is our current stable branch (beta 2 release). It will be updated with mostly bug fixes, but could also get new small features.

Snapshots of this branch should be considered stable, and can be used on main game servers.

==zr-dev (obsolete!)==

*Browse repository:* http://code.google.com/p/zombiereloaded/source/list?repo=zr-dev

  * Can I pull from this repository: *Yes, but only for browsing. It's obsolete!*
  * Can I push to this repository: *No* (push to equivalent at http://helgeby.no-ip.org/zrdev/hg/)

Old development branch. Do not use this one. It's only available for browsing plugin development history.

We attempted to convert this to the new architecture, but because it was a mess we decided to start over in a new clean repository (zr-dev-base). We now only keep this so we can browse file and project history.